Scottheaberlin caption hackery (#28)
githubschool/myrtle-beach: _posts/0000-01-17-scottheaberlin.md

---
layout: slide

> title: "Welcome to ScottH's corner of our slide deck!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Welcome to The Man's corner of our slide deck!"
```

---

> ScottH may or may not be a GitHub founding father within our walls... :+1:

Reviewer: Nice
